The Legend of Zelda: Phantom Hourglass = Friggin Zelda DS!
Published on March 23, 2006.
Today Nintendo announced a new Zelda title for the DS!
It’s called The Legend of Zelda: Phantom Hourglass, and it looks friggin’ sweet!
I’m really glad they decided to make an actual new game instead of doing a port from The Ocarina of Time or something.
The game looks to be in the same style of Windwaker.
So far, the video shows the gameplay utilizing the Nintendo DS’ stylus quite a bit.
You can draw on the map, use the stylus to solve puzzles and chart a course for your boat.
I think it’s definitely a good time to be a Nintendo fan.
Download the video here .